Added intro, updated second line & open source contribution.md (#6437)
github/docs: content/github/getting-started-with-github/finding-ways-to-contribute-to-open-source-on-github.md

If you already know what project you want to work on, you can find beginner-friendly issues in that repository by visiting `github.com/<owner>/<repository>/contribute`. For an example, you can find ways to make your first contribution to `electron/electron` at https://github.com/electron/electron/contribute.

### Open an Issue

If you encounter a bug in an open source project you are currently working with, check if this problem has already been reported. Confirm that this is also happening on your side. Add any other details you think would help. Report it. That's a contribution!

### Validate PR/Issue

A lot of emphasis is put on contributing code, but did you know that you can significantly help the maintainers by validating the contributions of others?  Here are three ways to do that:
* **See if you can duplicate an issue** reported by someone else. If you validate an issue, add any additional context, steps or observations that might be missing or otherwise feel important. 
* **Validate that a PR fixes an issue as intended**. Merge a PR into the related version and test. Update the PR comments with your test outcome.

> * **Updating issues**, or tasks with additional information that helped you test, or work through the solution.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Updating issues
You can contribute to an open source project by adding additional information to existing issues.
```

> ### Documentation & Writing

Reviewer: I think I'd suggest removing this entire section since it's a bit too specific for this article. Since we are removing other OS projects from the article, I don't want to introduce a new one and have it be the only project specifically mentioned.

Author: Oh okay. I have removed this section.

Writing and updating documentation is a very valuable contribution. A few options might be:

* Search for any feature you use on [GitHub Docs](https://github.com/github/docs/blob/main/CONTRIBUTING.md), review and improve the documentation if you can, or make suggestions.
* Simplify any open source onboarding project documentation like 'how to get started', 'how to setup project locally' etc.
* Translate documentation to another language.

### Further reading

- "[Classifying your repository with topics](/articles/classifying-your-repository-with-topics)"
- "[About your organization dashboard](/articles/about-your-organization-dashboard)"

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
